README.md, before:

heroku-deployer
===============

Tasks for local rails initialization and heroku deployment.


# Yet another deployer? #

This deployer is for whom would like to deploy without using a framework like Capistrano etc. But, through raw shell. I prefer sometimes both.

Also, with this deployer you don't need to use Amazon servers as with most of the other deployers. You can deploy to any cdn and even also just refresh cdn files.


# Install task #

Use this task to init a Rails app after cloning from a git repo for the first time. It just makes things easy for you.

* Initializes bundler
* Creates, migrates, seeds and prepares development and test db
* Adds git remotes
* Precompiles assets


# Deploy task #

Use this task to deploy a rails app to any Heroku environment.

Environment should be defined in config/environments/environment-name.rb (There are two classic environments for a Rails app at the start which are: staging and production).

## Usage: ##

./deploy [environment] [--without-assets] [--without-app] [--without-assets-compilation] [last git deployment commit id]

* environment: Staging, production, ...
* without assets: Assets will not be deployed
* without app: App will not be deployed (You can use this to only deploy assets or just refresh the remote copy)
* without assets compilation: Assets will not be compiled locally
* last git deployment commit id: Use this to reverse the remote deployment to any version of your app


*Don't forget: * For the all the tasks you first need to make adjustments for your own needs. And you also going to chmod +x for making them executable.

Commit message:

Updated README to describe the handling of the repository name with the 'install' task.

README.md, after:

heroku-deployer
===============

Tasks for local rails initialization and heroku deployment.


# Yet another deployer? #

This deployer is for whom would like to deploy without using a framework like Capistrano etc. But, through raw shell. I prefer sometimes both.

Also, with this deployer you don't need to use Amazon servers as with most of the other deployers. You can deploy to any cdn and even also just refresh cdn files.


# Install task #

Use this task to init a Rails app after cloning from a git repo for the first time. It just makes things easy for you.

* Initializes bundler
* Creates, migrates, seeds and prepares development and test db
* Adds git remotes
* Precompiles assets

You can call this task passing in the name of the repository or the current directory name (of your Rail project) will be assumed.

```
  ./install railsappname
```


# Deploy task #

Use this task to deploy a rails app to any Heroku environment.

Environment should be defined in config/environments/environment-name.rb (There are two classic environments for a Rails app at the start which are: staging and production).

## Usage: ##

./deploy [environment] [--without-assets] [--without-app] [--without-assets-compilation] [last git deployment commit id]

* environment: Staging, production, ...
* without assets: Assets will not be deployed
* without app: App will not be deployed (You can use this to only deploy assets or just refresh the remote copy)
* without assets compilation: Assets will not be compiled locally
* last git deployment commit id: Use this to reverse the remote deployment to any version of your app


*Don't forget: * For the all the tasks you first need to make adjustments for your own needs. And you also going to chmod +x for making them executable.
